id	Text
1	extreme weight gain, short-term memory loss, hair loss.
2	COMPLETELY DESTROYED SEXUALLY FUNCTIONING .
3	Just TWO tablets of Lexapro 10mg completely destroyed my sexual functioning, probably for life.
4	It's called PSSD: post-SSRI sexual dysfunction.
5	And there is a chance that it will give you PSSD, which as the name suggests persists even after you stop taking the drug, Just google 'PSSD' and you'll see what I mean, So please: NEVER take this drug, not even one tablet.
6	Nausea, Blurred Vision, 3 to 5 hours sleep, Suicidal Thoughts.
7	I was unable to sleep, had blurred vision, and felt sick to my stomach.
8	Unable to eat anything significant for the 3 days.
9	While driving to a friends house crazy thoughts kept happening.
10	Would not have been able to work (software developer) if attempting this drug during work week.
11	First 10 days were HORRIBLE, like a looong panic attack with anxiety/nausea.
12	It calmed down when I got some Xanor for three weeks (was still worse than before lexapro though), after that back to lots of anxiety, derealisation, nausea etc, Also couldn't sleep much, woke at 6.30am with horrible anxiety no matter when I fell asleep the day before.
13	My anxiety is worse than before, and I've been getting more and more dizzy by the week .
14	the last three weeks I haven't been able to watch TV since it makes me feel nauseus, and I haven't been outside in two weeks due to the dizziness!
15	The last week or two I've been feeling nausea all day, mostly due to the dizziness, Everyone's different though, and you should probably give it a try, others are having luck.
16	Chronic cough, weight gain, no sexual interest.
17	Emergency Room visit with tachycardia and violent vertigo.
18	That quickly turned into a three week period of sleep.
19	I was unable to hold my body vertical.
20	Slept through life and gained weight.
21	After the third day at that dose I found myself in the ER with vertigo, dizziness, tachycardia, dry mouth, nausea, and a host of other complaints.
22	The vertigo is rendering me unable to function in daily life causing me to lose work.
23	I am seeing a specialist for the vertigo and undergoing testing which now I have been diagnosed with vestibular neurontitis.
24	My vertigo has not responded to conservative treatment thus far.
25	Muscle spasms, muscle twitching, muscle soreness, insomnia, mental confusion, flush, brain zaps.
26	I took Lexapro for 3 days in 10mg doses and had severe side effects immediately.
27	I'm sorry this is more about not taking it than about side effects of taking it.
28	"I was given samples today and took one dose before coming to this site, where I learned that insomnia and decreased libido are serious side effects for many people; these are already major, major issues for me, By now, the first feelings of ""tightness"" in my head, dry mouth, and a little bit of jitters have begun."
29	As a result surely of prior conditions, but I do feel in part because of the drug or its jittery side effects, I've been unable to stop weeping for the past hour.
30	Extreme Weight Gain 30 pounds.
31	Excessive perspiration, Erectile dysfunction.
32	Almost no libido at all, Utterly useless.
33	Took a while to have an effect on mood obviously,but side-effects alarming:sudden migraines which I had had very infrequently before.
34	Very big increase in blood pressure which I had never experienced before.
35	Have your blood pressure checked even if like me, you have never had a problem with it you may be in for a nasty surprise!
36	Heavy sedation, Jaw Clenching, Inability to organism.
37	Very bad side effects.
38	emotionless, Zombie effect.
39	Loss of memory.
40	"When i took lexapro i walked around in a ""zombie"" like state because i would never be happy about anything, but never really sad."
41	I just kind of felt numb toward all emotion, Also, my memory started lacking and i couldnt remember long periods of time or things i had done.
42	i still have difficulty remembering most of that year and for no particular reason.
43	Jaw jacking/clenching teeth, headaches, vomitting, waking up in the middle of the night for hours, increase in anxiety, blurred vision.
44	I started feeling the side effects the fist day i took 10mg.
45	Crazy dreams and visions, slight insomnia, my teeth are killing me from grinding them and I guess that caused my headaches.
46	Can hardly even read and feel like I'm in a fog or that I'm stoned.
47	Clumsy and at first gave me tons of energy but I think that was the increased anxiety.
48	About four hours after my dose it's like I went downhill, my head got very heavy, and that was the foggy state.
49	I haven't noticed any positive changes and the side effects are horrible.
50	The increase in anxiety has made me stop taking this pill.
51	Fatigue, dizziness, apathy, muscle jerks, jaw clenching, interfered with Thyroid replacement medicine, insomnia.
52	I took this for two months, hoping that the side effects would ease.
53	I became more tired, cold and weak after about 6 weeks so I had to discontinue.
54	Insomnia, tension, somnolence, loss of memory, jaw movements.
55	Got fat, hated life.
56	night sweats, major mood swings and moment of over excitement combined with rudeness.
57	head felt completely detached from body and feeling suicidal.
58	Headaches, Nausea, Fatigue, Interrupted Sleep, Vivid Dreams, Weight Gain.
59	if you are an othewise phyically healthy human you may risk compromising the proper functioning of the T-cells which may have UKNOWN consequences, the worst being autoimmunce disease which will make you very sick with flu-like symptoms and unable to get better,please beware.
60	"The risks of such dangerous and hidden physiological side effects are in NO WAY worth the potential positive effects of so-called subjective ""mental stability"" which is merely illusory and masks the hidden danger."
61	Heart burn.
62	I had to take a heart burn relief medication each day I took Lexapro.
63	I had pain all over my body!
64	My legs were the worst and my left leg felt like it was on fire!
65	It hurt so bad, I ended up in the E,R.
66	my arms felt like needles are poking them, Felt like a knife in my shoulder, I got chills easily, felt like my legs were not getting enough circulation, it felt like my blood had carbonation in it!
67	This is the most awful feeling!
68	I am still having aches, pains, pins and needles throughout my entire body after being off of the Lexapro for a few days.
69	Weight gain, HAIR LOSS, increased depression, fatigue, lethargy.
70	I switched from Cymbalta to Lexapro and after approximately 30 days, I began feeling very bad.
71	I gained 13 lbs in 6 weeks and could not get out of bed after 60 days.
72	My hair started falling out by the handful.
73	Reduced cognition, fatigue, addiction.
74	The med was okay until side effects had negative impacts and it was extremely difficult to get off of.
75	From the moment I swallowed this pill I experienced a dry mouth and dry eyes.
76	But more alarming was the sensation of pressure behind my eyes-like they were going to pop out!
77	Also I had a severe inablility to concentrate which made it impossible to do my job,I am a Registered Nurse.
78	I also found myself making a bizarre sucking motion with my mouth-possibly from the dryness?
79	Disturbed sleep, exhaustion, nausea, dizzyness, jaw-clenching and increased anxiety.
80	It's been four days since I discontinued, and I'm still wiped out and dizzy with flu-like symptoms.
81	Everyone is different, but for me Lexapro was like some kind of torture device, Can't wait for it to leave my system.
82	1)  After two to three hours vomit 2)  Stiff muscles (Lack of oxygen?)
83	3)  Spacey, out of sync with time (as in Where did that tree come from?
84	4)  Weird, (as in How did that tree get there?
85	), 5)  Weak muscles 6)  Cant catch breath 7)  Listless 8)  Unmotivated 9)  Difficulty getting moving 10)  Reaction time slowed, [as in Put your hand on your solar plexus (Huh?
86	11)  Forgetful, stupid (its Sunday, right?)
87	12)  Depressed (as in Whats the use?).
88	suidical feelings.
89	I took this medication for a month before I started getting extreme suicidal feelings, which I had not had before taking it.
90	Racing heart, severe anxiety, panic, nausea, speeded-up metabolism.
91	It was brilliant for 2 weeks, except for some queasiness.
92	But into the 3rd week I began to wake in the night with very scary heart palpitations.
93	After a few nights of this (while feeling good during the day), the palpitations and subsequent panic were still there in the morning and continued throughout the day.
94	and I still have occasional heart flutters, a clenched stomach, and the anxiety that goes with that.
95	I also think Lexapro and alcohol were a bad mix for me.
96	jittery, disconnected feelings, suicidal thoughts, unable to function.
97	I took one dose of this med and was lucky to be able to drive home from work.
98	Suicidal thoughts when I had NEVER had those thoughts before, Super scary.
99	Insomnia, irregular heartbeat, anxiety times 1000, suicidal depression.
100	I'm in serious pain right now.
101	I'm about to go to the hospital cause this drug is killing me.
102	vivid nightmares, sweats, higher anxiety levels, memory problems, concentration problems, teeth grinding and clenching of jaws.
103	I was taking 10 mg. After a lifetime of perfect dental checkups and having beautiful teeth, I now have 50 percent bone loss in my jaw because of the teeth grinding.
104	It's signifigant to note that I had been wearing a night guard that was supposed to protect the teeth during this past year.
105	Not worth the side effects.
106	Constant yawning,severe tremors,headache, lost all sex drive the first day, couldn't orgasm if I tried, terrible jaw clenching, helped somewhat with social anxiety, but general anxiety got worse, panic attacks increased,.
107	The sexual side effects were supposed to be countered by the Welly, Didn't happen.
108	I have not had sex for 6 months which is putting a strain on the relationship.
109	dry mouth, severe thirst, hot flashes all over my body, tightness in my chest, severe diahrea, fuzzy mind, freaquent urination, lost 25 pounds in two weeks, muscle aches, flu like symptons, stomach cramps and tiredness.
110	i experienced all these symptoms after just one 10mg pill and still sufering the side effects two weeks later.
111	i have noticed increases in my headaches, the front of my brain burns and i've noticed an increase in suicidal thoughts and anxiety.
112	extreme lethargy; hungry more than usual; weight gain; zero motivation; memory issues (short term memory negatively affected); hopeless; social anxiety magnified.
113	I took 10 mg for one month and mainly noticed the fatigue as the biggest side effect, once I was upped to 20 mg though all of the other side effects seemed to take hold of my life.
114	I didn't take Lexapro long enough to evaluate it for its intended purpose, because I found the sexual side effects intolerable.
115	I not only lost the ability to orgasm, but stopped having even the slightest feelings of arousal.
116	Near the end of the two weeks I could feel my frustration as a sort of dull, heavy ache in my stomach, but I couldn't do anything about it because I was basically numb, a nonsexual being.
117	I've heard great things about what this drug can do for depression, but the side effects are a real possibility.
118	Increased anxiety, SERIOUS constipation (for which even laxatives and epsom salts barely helped) and stomach cramping, my stomach hurt all the time, disturbed sleep and trouble falling asleep, fatigue, headaches.
119	I couldn't get past the side effects- have no idea if it would've worked for me.
120	suicidal thoughts, mood swings, difficulty to concentrate.
121	GAINED ONE POUND A WEEK for six months, Yep, 30 POUNDS.
122	Been off of it for eight months, now bigger, have high BP and pre-diabetes because of the weight gain.
123	Before I got any fatter, I stopped taking it and my metabolism is MESSED UP.
124	I eat so much less than I used to, and still can't seem to lose the weight I gained while on Lexapro.
125	I'd rather be normal sized and anxious than overweight, taking BP meds and insulin medication!
126	Lack of care for anything important in my life.
127	Lack of feeling for anything, just lived day by day.
128	Inability to Ejaculate during sex.
129	Compared to previous medication I was taking, Lexapro did in fact take away my physical pain I was suffering, but has caused so much more in emotional pain.
130	"Nausea (for about 1 week), headaches, brain ""zaps"" occasionally, extreme sleepiness, vivid dreams, loss of sex drive."
131	Went to 20mg after some really tough life circumstances, Side-effects were unmanageable!
132	Possible loss of libido.
133	At that dosage I was so tired and irritable.
134	I do not think Lexapro gave me any seriously adverse side effects.
135	"nausea, dizziness, spaciness, lack of coordination, massive headache in morning that lasts all day, feeling generally ""hungover"", lack of energy/motivation, dry mouth, jaw clenching, Dr. prescribed this to ""give me a better outlook, engergy, and be able to face the day"" because of depression related to death of parents/divorce/job cut/ and resulting overwhelming responsibilities related to those factors."
136	Took Fri afternoon, nauseous and dizzy immediately, spaced out, went to bed for 2 hrs, got up, couldn't even make dinner, stumbling/spacey.
137	Next day worthless and in a fog, bad headache.
138	Woke up with massive headache, felt like hit by truck, hungover-like.
139	Got nothing done all day.
140	Called in sick.
141	Headache still and completely useless, Coffee & tylenol so far- not helping much.
142	Still in fog as I type this.
143	I have been losing handfuls of hair every time I brush, wash or run my fingers through it.
144	I've become more depressed about this and cry every day.
145	I am also so fatigued that I am sleeping several times during the day, as well as 8-9 hours at night.
146	Wow this stuff is strong, i took the first 10mg today, and can't focus, i'm totally apathetic.
147	i hate feeling out of control, detached.
148	I would rather be depressed than totally anihilated !
149	No sex drive, dull mood.
150	Generally felt pretty dull and had no sex drive whatsoever.
151	I drank a lot while on this drug and it made me act kinda crazy.
152	I know your not suppose to drink when on these meds, but I honestly feel the dull boring mood this drug created for me drove me to.
153	weight gain, 
154	Dry mouth in the beginning, decreased sex drive, Didn't do a thing for me, even at the highest dose.
155	Stomach is in knots, tension in the front part of my head, shakiness, blurred vision.
156	I took 10mg for the first time last night before bed and I could barely sleep.
157	I don't even know if I did sleep!
158	My back hurt so bad in the middle of the night I had to take an Ibuprofen, Now I'm at work and I'm shaking so bad and my stomach is so tight!
159	I can't seem to focus, my eyes are blurred and sensitive to the light.
160	"LOST MY MIND COMPLETELY, FUNCTIONING AT 28% CONSCIOUSNESS, I ALMOST JUMPED OUT OF A WINDOW, BUT I TOLD MYSELF: ""THIS IS NOT ME."
161	AND CALLED 911)  I started on 10 and I felt very depressed still, actually worse, panicky and extremely anxious, then the pdoc doubled my dose to 20!
162	"then I lost it, The hospital told my husband I was functioning at 28% consciousness, I wrote all over my body, talked to the walls, cried HARD, and screamed ""dont touch me!"""
164	Problems with memory.
165	Inability to focus/concentrate, 
166	nausea, headache.
167	i know it's only my 2nd day, but I am nauseated, and have had a headache since 30 minutes after taking the 1st pill.
168	jaw clenching at night, teeth grinding, nausea, constipation, food cravings, weight gain, total loss of sex drive, inability to O, insomnia, loss of taste.
169	I can not see that this drug has helped much and I am not willing to continue given the side effects I am experiencing.
170	I've always had somewhat of a sweet tooth, but now I crave peanut butter cups with a vengance- it is the only thing that still tastes good to me, But, I am also eating like crazy.
171	If I let myself get hungry, then I get nauseated.
172	I have gained 10 lbs in 1 month, and am terrified it will continue.
173	dry mouth, shaky, gas and bloating, upper back ache especially at night, clammy feeling, headache, nervousness.
174	sleeplessness, vivid dreams, hallucinations, tiredness, muscle aches, fluctuating blood pressure, zoned out, Don't take it.
175	Lethargic, body aches, migranes, Dr. prescribed 20mg daily.
176	I could not function.
177	My mind was in a fog.
178	I didn't care about anything.
179	The headaches were unbearable.
180	I have a problem with insomnia anyway so I haven't made a decision to start taking it in the morning yet.
181	I've taken all the other anti-depressants over many years and couldn't stand the side effects.
182	Extreme fatigue, difficulty waking up, emotional numbness/detachment, inability to concentrate, forgetfulness, lack of interest in ANYTHING except sleep, inability to reach orgasm with a partner, weakness, excessive urination, dizziness.
183	It certainly erased the anxiety, but I hardly feel human anymore.
184	Nothing moves or excites me.
185	I'm now in the last stage of withdrawal, and I'm still experiencing the fatigue and dizziness and sexual apathy.
186	Extremely hard to climax during sex, Severe Depression.
187	I would just stay around and do nothing all day.
188	However when I did go out I was too numb to the world to have any panic attacks or jitters.
189	At one point I wanted to kill myself.
190	Fatigue .
191	I was tired, and felt extra exhausted all the time.
192	After experiencing those fatigue symptoms and not being able to do, well, anything, I was moved back down to 5 mg which only helped temporarily.
193	nausea, diarrhea, sweating, head in the clouds, stoned feeling.
194	I took it before I went to bed, Days 1 & 2 were good- felt relaxed; Day 3 I was spacey, stoned; Day 4 I got severely sick: woke up at 3am sweating, diarrhea, heart racing, mind was racing (almost psychotic thoughts), had a panic attack because I was so scared, almost went to emergency room because I could not relax for 4 hours straight!
195	increased anxiety, more panic attacks, uncontrollably bursting into tears.
196	i started at 5 mgs, felt like i was on speed for the first few days.
197	2 weeks later the anxiety had increased into panic, the Dr. had me skip a day then start back at 2.5 mgs daily.
198	that was ok for about 3 days then i started having constant panic/anxiety, as well as crying a lot at innappropriate times.
199	i stopped taking the lexapro, the anxiety has lightened a little bit, but the crying hasn't.